updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16108)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/wcf/entity-framework-provider-wcf-data-services.md

ms.assetid: 650b5eb6-c71d-4dc1-8b64-b6beaf752114
---
# Entity Framework Provider (WCF Data Services)

> Like WCF Data Services, the ADO.NET Entity Framework is based on the Entity Data Model, which is a type of entity-relationship model. The Entity Framework translates operations against its implementation of the Entity Data Model, which is called the *conceptual model*, into equivalent operations against a data source. This makes the Entity Framework an ideal provider for data services that are based on relational data, and any database that has a data provider that supports the Entity Framework can be used with WCF Data Services. For a list of the data sources that currently support the Entity Framework, see [Third-Party Providers for the Entity Framework](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/data/adonet/ado-net-overview).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like WCF Data Services, the ADO.NET Entity Framework is based on the Entity Data Model, which is a type of entity-relationship model. The Entity Framework translates operations against its implementation of the Entity Data Model, which is called the *conceptual model*, into equivalent operations against a data source. This makes the Entity Framework an ideal provider for data services that are based on relational data, and any database that has a data provider that supports the Entity Framework can be used with WCF Data Services. For a list of the data sources that currently support the Entity Framework, see [Entity Framework Providers](/ef/ef6/fundamentals/providers/).
```
